
Hello.
Quick Start Guide

Welcome to your new iPhone. We'd like to show you around.

To start, turn on your iPhone by pressing and holding the On/Off button for a few seconds. Then follow the onscreen instructions to set up your iPhone.

Button basics
To turn off or restart iPhone, press and hold the On/Off button for a few seconds, then drag the slider to confirm. To turn off the screen but still receive calls, press On/Off once. Press the Home button at any time to return to the Home screen. To quickly switch between recently used apps, double-click the Home button and tap an app icon.

Phone
Tap a phone number in Contacts, Favorites, an email, a text message, or almost anywhere in iPhone to make a call. Or dial with the keypad in the Phone app. Press the On/Off button once to slience an incoming call or twice to send it directly to voicemail. Or slide the Phone button up to reply with a text message or set up a reminder to call back. To answer a call while using the iPhone headset, press the center button once. Press it again to end your call. 

FaceTime
Select someone from your contacts and tap the FaceTime button to start a video call with an iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Mac user. Or while you're on a voice call, tap FaceTime to begin a video call. During a video call, tap the Camera button to switch to the rear camera and share your surroundings.

Messages
Tap the Messages icon to send an iMessage to other iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, and Mac users, or to send an SMS or MMS to other mobile phone users. Type a name or phone number in the To field or select someone from your contacts. Type your message, then tap Send. To send photos or video, tap the Camera button.

Typing and editing
iPhone corrects and suggests words as you type. So if you tap a wrong letter, just keep typing. To accept the suggested word, tap the space bar. Or tap the "x" to ignore the suggestion. To edit text, double-tap a word and drag the grab points to expand your selection. Or touch and hold to bring up the magnifying glass and slide your finger to move the insertion point. Then tap to cut, copy, or paste. To dictate, tap the Microphone button.

Notifications
When you receive a notification, it appears briefly at the top of the screen without interrupting what you're doing. Ignore the notification or tap it to address it right away. To see a summary of your recent notifications, swipe down from the top of any screen. You can access a new notification from the Lock screen by sliding its icon to the right.

Siri
Ask Siri to make a call, open an app, respond to text messages, get directions, schedule reminders and meetings, and much more. To use Siri, press and hold the Home button.If you're using a headset, press and hold the center button. After the tone, speak naturally. Siri will listen and then answer. For more examples of how it can help you, ask Siri "What can you do?"

Camera
From the Lock screen, slide the Camera button up to quickly access the camera, or tap the Camera icon on the Home screen. Adjust focus and exposure by tapping anyone or anything on the screen. To take a picture, tap the Camera button or press one of the volume buttons. Tap Options to shoot a panorama photo. To record HD video, set the switch to Video, then tap the Record button.



